This file is not used by the program, it is just used to visualize how the default settings file should look like

decimal_Mark = ','
thousand_Mark = '.'
uppercase_hexadecimal = False
decimal_Separator = 1
show_Relevant = True
show_Prime = True
show_Roots = True
show_Factors = True
show_Palindromic = True
show_Fibonacci = True
show_Factorial = True
selected_Bases = {2, 8, 10, 16}
show_All_Bases = False
show_Base_2 = True
show_Base_3 = False
show_Base_4 = False
show_Base_5 = False
show_Base_6 = False
show_Base_7 = False
show_Base_8 = True
show_Base_9 = False
show_Base_10 = True
show_Base_11 = False
show_Base_12 = False
show_Base_13 = False
show_Base_14 = False
show_Base_15 = False
show_Base_16 = True
show_Base_17 = False
show_Base_18 = False
show_Base_19 = False
show_Base_20 = False
show_Base_21 = False
show_Base_22 = False
show_Base_23 = False
show_Base_24 = False
show_Base_25 = False
show_Base_26 = False
show_Base_27 = False
show_Base_28 = False
show_Base_29 = False
show_Base_30 = False
show_Base_31 = False
show_Base_32 = False
show_Base_33 = False
show_Base_34 = False
show_Base_35 = False
show_Base_36 = False
